[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Narrator: THIS IS THE TALE
OF A MAN WHO HAS YET TO REALIZE
WHAT DESTINY HOLDS IN STORE
FOR HIM.
SIMON’S LAGANN AND KAMINA’S
GURREN PERFECT THEIR COMBINATION
TECHNIQUE...
AND THE RESULT IS NAMED
GURREN LAGANN.
THEIR JOURNEY IN SEARCH
OF THE ENEMY’S HEADQUARTERS
CONTINUES.
HOWEVER...
>> Yoko: YOU KNOW, WE HAVEN’T
SEEN ANY GUNMEN LATELY.
>> Kamina: YOU HAVE A POINT.
I DON’T WANT MY SKILLS TO
GET RUSTY.
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING HERE
IN MY GUNMEN, ANYWAY?
DIDN’T WE BUILD YOU A TRANSPORT
OUT OF WRECKAGE AND SCRAPS?
>> Yoko: YEAH, YOU DID, BUT THIS
IS THE BEST PLACE TO BE WHEN
WE’RE MOVING.
THAT THING BOUNCES AROUND
TOO MUCH.
IT’S MURDER ON MY BUTT.
>> Kamina: YOU SURE IT’S NOT
’CAUSE YOUR ASS IS TOO BIG?
>> Yoko: WHAT D’YA SAY?!
YEAH, NOW THIS IS COMFY!
>> Kamina: JEEZ, YOKO,
YOU’RE HEAVY!
IT’S LIKE YOUR BRAINS HAVE
DROPPED DOWN OUTTA YOUR SKULL
AND SETTLED INTO YOUR ASS, YOU
IDIOT CHICK.
>> Yoko: OH, YOU THINK SO,
DO YA?
SOUNDS TO ME LIKE YOU’RE HUNGRY.
WANNA TASTE MY MEATBALL BULLETS?
>> Kamina: NO, NOT THOSE!
>> Ron: HMM.
THE SURFACE AROUND HERE SEEMS
TO HAVE FORMED COMPARATIVELY
RECENTLY.
>> Simon: HOW RECENTLY?
>> Ron: OH, I’D SAY, UH,
SOMEWHERE AROUND FOUR OR FIVE
HUNDRED YEARS AGO, MAYBE.
>> Kamina: OW! DON’T SHOOT,
YOU CRAZY BITCH!
YOU’LL KILL ME!
>> Yoko: THESE LITTLE THINGS
WON’T KILL YOU, YOU BIG BABY!
>> Ron: BE CAREFUL!
>> Simon: HEY, WATCH IT!
>> Ron: THEY NEVER GET TIRED OF
FIGHTING, DO THEY?
[Kamina and Yoko screaming]
>> Simon: THEY JUST FELL THROUGH
THE GROUND.
[rocks cracking]
[Simon yells]
>> Ron: MY, WHAT AN
ENORMOUS CAVERN!
I’VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE
IT‐‐IT’S‐‐
>> Simon: HOW FAR DOWN DOES THIS
THING GO‐O‐O‐O?!
[yelling]
[amazed chatter]
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[people gasp]
[water splashes]
>> Yoko: WELL, I GUESS IT’S
A GOOD THING I CAME
AROUND FIRST.
>> PEOPLE HAVE COME TO US FROM
THE FACE GOD!
>> MESSENGERS FROM THE
CELESTIAL LANDS!
>> Kamina: DID THAT GUY JUST
SAY, "FACE GOD"?
THAT’S A...
THAT’S A GUNMEN!
WHAT A WRECK.
>> Rossiu: PLEASE DON’T
TOUCH THAT!
DON’T TOUCH IT.
IT IS OUR GUARDIAN DEITY.
[sneeze]
>> Kamina: YO, FOREHEAD BOY!
DON’T YOU HAVE ANYTHING ELSE WE
CAN THROW ON THE FIRE?
>> Rossiu: MY NAME IS ROSSIU.
AND I’M AFRAID THAT WHAT WE’VE
GIVEN YOU IS ALL WE HAVE.
>> Kamina: THIS PLACE IS A
BARREL OF LAUGHS, AIN’T IT?
>> Yoko: HEY! DON’T BE RUDE!
>> SO DID YOU GUYS REALLY COME
FROM THE CELESTIAL LANDS?
>> ARE YOU MESSENGERS FROM THE
FACE GOD OR SOMETHING?
>> Kamina: HEY, FOREHEAD, WHAT’S
THE DEAL WITH THESE KIDS?
>> Rossiu: GIMMY, DARRY, STOP
BOTHERING OUR GUESTS.
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
>> OKAY!
>> Rossiu: I’M VERY SORRY.
I’M AFRAID THAT THESE TWO
CHILDREN HAVE NO PARENTS.
EVERYONE SPOILS THEM ’CAUSE
OF THAT.
>> Kamina: WHATEVER.
WHO CARES ABOUT THAT?
ALL I CARE ABOUT IS WHAT THAT
GUNMEN’S DOING THERE.
>> Rossiu: GUNMEN?
YOU REFER TO THE FACE GOD?
>> Kamina: WAIT, YOU DON’T KNOW
WHAT THAT IS?
>> Yoko: YOU WEREN’T ANY
DIFFERENT NOT TOO LONG AGO.
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL?!
WHAT’D I DO TO DESERVE ALL THIS
GRIEF FROM YOU?
>> Yoko: OH, SHUT UP!
>> Rossiu: EXCUSE ME.
MISS YOKO, IS IT?
>> Yoko: YEAH?
>> Rossiu: SORRY ABOUT THIS,
BUT WOULD YOU MIND PUTTING
THIS ROBE ON?
>> Yoko: SURE.
WHAT FOR?
>> Rossiu: WELL, UM, THE THING
IS, I NEED FOR YOU TO COVER UP.
YOUR MANNER OF DRESS, IT’S‐‐
WELL, IT’S‐‐IT’S INDECENT!
[surprised exclamation]
[Boota grunts quizzically]
>> Yoko: I’M NOT TOO CRAZY ABOUT
THESE CLOTHES.
THEY’RE TOO RESTRICTING.
>> Kamina: HMM...
>> Yoko: WHAT IS IT NOW?
>> Kamina: BOY, TAKE AWAY THE
BARE MIDRIFF AND YOU DON’T HAVE
ANYTHING LEFT, DO YA?
[Boota grunts excitedly]
[Simon gasps]
[Kamina groans]
>> Yoko: DIRT‐BALL SCUMBAG!
ROTTEN STINKING LOUSE!
YOU ARE ONE HOPELESS PERVERT
OF A MAN, YOU KNOW THAT?
DON’T PICK UP HIS BAD HABITS,
SIMON!
>> Rossiu: PLEASE CEASE
THIS BEHAVIOR!
I WOULD EXPECT CELESTIANS
TO REFRAIN FROM SUCH LEWD
CONDUCT IN THE PRESENCE
OF OUR VILLAGERS.
>> DID YOU SAY, "CELESTIANS"?
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
>> Rossiu: YES. THEY ARE
CELESTIANS, FOR THEY HAVE COME
TO US IN THE COMPANY OF
FACE GODS.
WE SHOULD SHOW THEM THE RESPECT
THEY’RE DUE.
>> ROSSIU!
[labored breathing]
>> Rossiu: WHAT’S THE MATTER?
>> THERE’S A PROBLEM.
IT’S UCOM’S WIFE.
SHE JUST GAVE BIRTH.
>> Rossiu: BUT THIS IS
GOOD NEWS!
ACTUALLY, I WAS ABOUT
TO SUGGEST TO OUR GUESTS THAT
WE GO VISIT THE HIGH PRIEST.
>> THE PROBLEM IS THAT SHE NOT
ONLY HAD A NEWBORN GIRL, BUT SHE
ALSO HAD A PAIR OF BOYS!
>> Rossiu: WHAT DID YOU
JUST SAY?!
>> DID YOU HEAR THAT?
>> Kamina: HUH? WHAT’S THE DEAL?
>> TRIPLETS, YOU SAY?
BORN TO UCOM’S WIFE?
>> Rossiu: YES.
>> THAT BRINGS THE VILLAGE’S
POPULATION TO 52.
WE HAVE NO CHOICE THEN.
WE MUST CHOOSE TWO.
>> Rossiu: FATHER MAGIN, MUST WE
REALLY MAKE OUR PEOPLE
GO THROUGH WITH THIS?
>> Magin: ROSSIU, DO YOU NOT
UNDERSTAND?
THIS RITE BESTOWS A
GREAT BLESSING.
WE WILL CELEBRATE THE CHOSEN,
JUST AS WE DID WITH YOUR MOTHER.
>> Kamina: MAN, THIS PLACE
IS DEPRESSING.
OLD GIHA VILLAGE WAS NOTHING
LIKE THIS GLOOMFEST.
SO IS IT TIME TO EAT YET
OR WHAT?
>> Simon: UH, I THINK THIS
WAS IT.
>> Kamina: THIS AIN’T ENOUGH
FOOD FOR ME!
I NEED ME SOME MEAT, MY FRIEND,
SOME TASTY, DELICIOUS MEAT!
[Boota squeaks]
>> Ron: YOU KNOW, I THINK THIS
MAY BE A GRAND WELCOME FOR US.
THESE PEOPLE HAVE NO
ELECTRICITY, NO LIVESTOCK.
ALL THEY HAVE HERE IS A TINY
POND AND A BROKEN GUNMEN.
>> Yoko: I BET EVEN A MEASLY
MEAL LIKE THIS IS PRECIOUS TO
THEM.
>> Rossiu: MY APOLOGIES.
IT SOUNDS LIKE THE MEAL
WAS NOT TO YOUR LIKING.
[gasps nervously]
I WAS HOPING, IF IT’S NOT
TOO MUCH TROUBLE, I WAS HOPING
I MIGHT IMPOSE ON YOU
TO TELL ME A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT THE CELESTIAL LANDS?
>> Kamina: LOOK AT YOU,
FOREHEAD BOY.
DOES THIS MEAN THAT YOU’RE
WANTING MORE THAN THE LIFE
OF A CELLAR DWELLER?
FIRST, ALLOW ME TO GET THIS OUT
OF THE WAY!
I HATE TO BREAK IT TO YOU, KID,
BUT GUNMEN ARE NOT GODS!
>> Rossiu: BUT THAT HAS BEEN OUR
BELIEF SINCE LONG BEFORE I WAS
BORN.
>> Simon: YOUR PEOPLE HAVE
ALWAYS LIVED LIKE THIS?
>> Rossiu: NO. THEY SAY THAT OUR
LOT HAS IMPROVED CONSIDERABLY
SINCE THE HIGH PRIEST TOOK OVER
THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE
VILLAGE.
>> Kamina: THIS HIGH PRIEST GUY.
WHO IS HE?
>> PARDON ME, CELESTIANS.
PLEASE DO NOT TEST THIS BOY’S
PIETY ANY FURTHER.
SAY NO MORE OF WHERE YOU COME
FROM.
YOUR WORDS ARE TOO MUCH FOR OUR
PEOPLE.
>> Ron: SO ARE YOU THE HIGH
PRIEST THEN?
>> I APOLOGIZE FOR NOT
INTRODUCING MYSELF.
I AM MAGIN, AND IT IS MY DUTY
TO GOVERN THIS VILLAGE.
>> Kamina: IS THAT A FACT?
YOU’RE THE HEAD HONCHO OF THIS
SORRY LITTLE DUMP?
>> ROSSIU, WE HAVE AN IMPORTANT
CEREMONY TOMORROW.
PLEASE GO TO BED.
>> Rossiu: YES, FATHER.
>> YOU AND YOUR COMPANIONS
SHOULD TURN IN FOR THE EVENING
AS WELL.
IF YOU’LL EXCUSE ME.
>> Simon: WHAT’S WITH YOU?
>> Yoko: ARE YOU AN EVEN BIGGER
MORON THAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE?
WHY ARE YOU ACTING...
>> Kamina: I DON’T LIKE
THAT GUY.
NOT HIS UGLY MUG OR
HIS ATTITUDE.
>> Yoko: HEY!
♪ ♪
[gears turn]
[rumbling]
>> Kamina: WOW!
THE THING STILL WORKS!
>> Simon: G‐GOOD MORNING.
>> Kamina: TAKE IT FOR A SPIN,
FOREHEAD BOY.
THE ONLY KEY YOU NEED TO GET
THAT THING GOING IS A FIGHTING
SPIRIT!
>> Rossiu: I‐I HAD NO INTENTION
OF DOING ANYTHING...
>> Kamina: COME ON!
RELAX AND PUT EVERYTHING ELSE
OUT OF YOUR MIND!
GO AHEAD, FOREHEAD BOY!
DO WHATEVER FEELS NATURAL!
IT’S A GREAT FEELING.
>> ROSSIU!
>> Rossiu: F‐FATHER MAGIN!
>> Kamina: THERE HE IS AGAIN.
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU’RE
DOING, ROSSIU?
WHO TOLD YOU YOU COULD TOUCH
THE FACE GOD?
>> Rossiu: I‐I APOLOGIZE.
>> Kamina: HEY, HANG ON
A MINUTE, OLD‐TIMER!
JUST NOW, IT FINALLY CAME TO ME.
>> Simon: BRO, WHAT’RE YOU
DOING?
>> Kamina: I’VE BEEN TRYIN’ TO
FIGURE OUT WHY YOUR UGLY MUG
PISSES ME OFF SO MUCH, AND I
REALIZED YOU LOOK LIKE OUR OLD
VILLAGE CHIEF.
RIGHT, SIMON?
>> Simon: YOU REALLY THINK SO?
>> YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS...
>> Kamina: OH, YOU WANNA FIGHT,
DO YOU?!
>> YOU OUGHT TO LEAVE OUR
VILLAGE, AS I BELIEVE YOU HAVE
NO MORE BUSINESS HERE.
>> Kamina: SAY WHAT?!
>> FATHER MAGIN, SURELY
THE RITUAL DOESN’T NEED TO BE
HELD NOW.
CAN’T WE WAIT A LITTLE WHILE?
I MEAN, AFTER ALL, PERHAPS ALL
THREE OF THEM WON’T EVEN SURVIVE
THE FIRST FEW MONTHS.
>> PLEASE DO NOT MISUNDERSTAND,
UCOM.
THOSE FORTUNATE ENOUGH TO BE
CHOSEN RECEIVE THE BLESSING OF
THE GODS.
NOW YOU MUST DRAW, UCOM.
>> TH‐‐THEN I’LL DRAW.
I’LL DRAW FOR ME AND FOR MY WIFE
AND FOR MY CHILDREN.
>> NEXT COME FORWARD AND DRAW.
>> YES, FATHER.
>> Rossiu: IS THERE ANYONE
REMAINING WHO HAS NOT DRAWN
A LOT?
>> GIMMY HASN’T DRAWN A LOT YET.
>> NEITHER HAS DARRY!
>> OH, YES, MY APOLOGIES.
YOU TWO ARE THE LAST ONES
TO DRAW.
[giggle]
NOW, MY FRIENDS, OPEN YOUR
HANDS.
IF YOUR LOT HAS A MARK,
YOU HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
BY THE GODS.
[relieved murmurs]
>> SHE WON!
HEY! DARRY WON!
>> HEY, SO DID YOU, GIMMY!
LOOKIT!
>> WOW, YOU’RE RIGHT, I DID!
WE BOTH WON!
>> WE WON! YEAH!
>> WE WON, WE WON! WOW!
>> Kamina: HUH?
I DON’T UNDERSTAND.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
>> Simon: BRO, WHAT HE’S SAYING
IS THAT HE WANTS THESE KIDS
TO COME ALONG WITH US.
>> Rossiu: TRADITION DICTATES
THAT WHENEVER OUR POPULATION
EXCEEDS 50, SOME ARE CHOSEN
BY THE GODS TO BE THE GODS’
CHILDREN AND ARE SENT UP
TO THE CELESTIAL LANDS.
>> Yoko: THE "CELESTIAL LANDS"?
YOU MEAN THE SURFACE!
YOU CAN’T SEND THESE KIDS THERE!
>> SO THAT IS YOUR ANSWER THEN?
>> Kamina: YOU HANDLE REJECTION
A LOT BETTER THAN I THOUGHT
YOU WOULD.
>> Simon: I COULD BE WRONG, BUT,
UH, I’M PRETTY SURE THAT’S NOT
WHAT’S HAPPENING.
>> YOU LEAVE US WITH NO CHOICE.
IF YOU WILL NOT TAKE THEM,
THEN WE MUST CONDUCT OUR
CEREMONY IN THE USUAL MANNER.
>> Kamina: WAIT JUST
A DAMN MINUTE!
WHAT’S ONE OR TWO MORE KIDS
RUNNING AROUND?
YOU DON’T HAVE TO KICK ’EM OUT!
>> TO BE CAST OUT AND SENT UP TO
THE CELESTIAL LANDS IS TO BE
RELEASED FROM ALL OF THE SORROWS
THIS LIFE HOLDS.
IT IS TO RISE UP AND LIVE WITH
THE GODS.
IT IS THE ULTIMATE HAPPINESS.
>> Kamina: THAT’S CRAZY.
WHY’S IT GOTTA BE THIS WAY?
SERIOUSLY, I DON’T GET IT,
NOT ONE BIT!
HAS ANYBODY EVER CONSIDERED
GOING UP THERE TO SEE WHAT IT’S
REALLY LIKE?
>> COME ON, MISTER!
PLEASE TAKE US THERE!
>> WHAT ARE THE CELESTIAL LANDS
LIKE?
>> Kamina: IT AIN’T EXACTLY
PARADISE UP THERE, I’LL TELL YA
THAT MUCH!
NO WAY CAN WE DRAG TWO KIDS
AROUND!
>> WHY NOT, MISTER?!
>> YOU’RE MEAN!
>> MEANIE!
>> WOULD YOU PLEASE STOP
BERATING THE WAYS OF OUR PEOPLE?
STOP INSULTING OUR CUSTOMS.
>> Kamina: I’M SORRY.
EXCUSE ME?
LOOK, OLD‐TIMER, DON’T YOU TRY
TO BE THE VICTIM IN THIS
SCENARIO.
>> HEY, HOW DARE YOU?!
>> DON’T SPEAK TO THE HIGH
PRIEST LIKE THAT!
>> Simon: COME ON. LET IT GO.
IT’S JUST THE WAY IT IS HERE.
IT’S THE LAW.
IT’S NOT LIKE THEY’RE THROWING
THOSE KIDS OUT BECAUSE THEY
WANT TO.
>> Kamina: IF YOU REALLY DON’T
WANT TO DO IT, ALL YOU’VE GOTTA
DO IS NOT DO IT!
JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK
I AM?!
I’M KAMINA.
AND KAMINA WOULD RATHER DIE
THAN DO SOMETHING HE DOESN’T
WANNA DO!
NOW LISTEN UP REAL GOOD!
THIS HIGH PRIEST OF YOURS IS
A FRAUD, AND HE’S BEEN
SPOON‐FEEDING YOU A LOAD OF
CRAP!
DON’T FALL FOR IT!
>> Rossiu: PLEASE STOP THIS
RIGHT NOW!
WHAT DO YOU KNOW OF LIFE IN OUR
VILLAGE?
WHAT DO YOU KNOW OF HOW WE LIVE?
>> Kamina: AH! ALL RIGHT,
FOREHEAD, YOU’RE FINALLY
STARTING TO SPEAK MY LANGUAGE.
>> STOP THIS AT ONCE!
DO NOT RESORT TO VIOLENCE!
>> Rossiu: I DON’T UNDERSTAND
THIS AT ALL!
HOW CAN THESE PEOPLE BE
MESSENGERS SENT FROM THE GODS?
>> ENDURE THIS.
THE GODS ARE TESTING OUR FAITH
AND RESOLVE.
>> Kamina: COME ON, MAN!
BRING IT ON!
>> STOP IT, ROSSIU!
>> Kamina: THE MIGHTY KAMINA’LL
TAKE YOU ON!
YO, FOREHEAD BOY!
WHAT ARE YOU, A MAN OR A MOUSE?
MAN OR MOUSE, MAN OR MOUSE,
MAN OR‐‐?
[explosion]
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?!
[gasps]
[people yelling]
>> IT’S ANOTHER FACE GOD!
>> I HAVE FOUND YOU,
GURREN LAGANN!
>> Yoko: SIMON, KAMINA!
COME ON, GUYS, GET MOVING!
>> Kamina: ALL RIGHT!
THANKS, YOKO!
>> STOP THIS!
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING
TO THE FACE GOD?
>> THE GODS WILL SMITE YOU!
[sighs]
>> Yoko: THIS IS GETTING OLD
REALLY FAST.
>> Simon: BRO!
>> Kamina: READY!
LET’S DO THIS WITH STYLE!
[grunts]
[laughs]
>> Both: BROTHERLY COMBINING!
GURREN LAGANN!
>> ONE FACE GOD IS BATTLING
ANOTHER FACE GOD!
>> BUT HOW CAN THIS BE?!
>> Kamina: YOU GUYS DOWN THERE,
WHAT’RE YOU STANDING
AROUND FOR?!
YOU’RE IN THE WAY!
[yells]
[Gunmen growls]
>> Kamina: THESE THINGS
AREN’T GODS!
I’M TELLING YOU PEOPLE,
THESE THINGS ARE THE ENEMY!
THEY’RE THE ENEMY WE FIGHT
AGAINST!
>> Simon: DON’T BOTHER, BRO!
IT’S NO USE!
THESE PEOPLE DOWN HERE HAVE
SPENT THEIR ENTIRE LIVES
BELIEVING THAT GUNMEN ARE GODS!
>> Kamina: IN THAT CASE...
WE’RE GONNA KICK THIS THING’S
ASS RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM!
THAT’LL MAKE ’EM SEE SOME SENSE
WHETHER THEY WANT TO OR NOT!
>> Simon: COME ON, BRO!
I THINK YOU’RE OVERDOING IT!
>> Kamina: BUTT OUT!
[thunderous footsteps]
[yells]
>> Kamina: WHAT THE‐‐?
>> THE IDOL!
>> HOW DARE YOU?!
DON’T INTERFERE, YOU PIECE
OF JUNK!
[Gunmen grunting]
WHAT THE HELL?!
>> Rossiu: FATHER, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING IN THERE?
I WANT AN EXPLANATION.
[grunts]
NO! FATHER MAGIN!
[exhales]
[scoffs]
>> Kamina: MAN, I DO NOT LIKE
YOU.
I DO NOT LIKE YOU AT ALL,
OLD‐TIMER.
IF YOU HAD THAT MUCH SPIRIT,
WHY DIDN’T YOU‐‐
>> I SIMPLY MIMICKED WHAT I SAW
YOU DO, NOTHING MORE.
I MYSELF DID NOT UNDERSTAND
THE THINGS I WAS DOING.
AND NOW I BEG OF YOU TO PLEASE
LEAVE.
DO NOT DISTURB OUR VILLAGE
ANY FURTHER!
>> Kamina: WHAT DID YOU SAY?
>> Simon: LET IT GO, BRO!
IT’S NOT LIKE HE’S SAYING
ANYTHING WRONG.
HE’S ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
WE DON’T BELONG HERE IN THIS
VILLAGE.
WE SHOULD GO.
>> Kamina: I JUST DON’T GET IT.
I DON’T GET IT, NOT ONE DAMN
BIT.
>> Rossiu: PERHAPS IT’S TIME YOU
TOLD EVERYONE THE TRUTH.
>> AND WHAT IS THIS TRUTH I
WOULD TELL?
THE KNOWLEDGE WOULD ONLY SERVE
TO DESTROY OUR VILLAGE.
DO THEY REALLY NEED TO KNOW
THE TRUTH?
WE DO NOT HAVE THE RESOURCES
TO SUSTAIN A LARGE POPULATION.
THE FIRST THING I DID WHEN I
BECAME LEADER OF THE VILLAGE WAS
TO DECIDE THAT OUR MAXIMUM
POPULATION MUST BE CAPPED AT 50.
WE MUST NOT EXCEED THAT NUMBER,
NOT EVEN BY ONE.
IF WE SUCCUMB TO SENTIMENTALITY
OR EMOTION, THEN OUR VILLAGE
WILL BE LOST.
FOR ME, THAT IS THE ONLY TRUTH.
MY RELIGION IS MERELY A TOOL
I EMPLOY TO ACHIEVE THAT END.
>> Rossiu: AND WHAT ABOUT GIMMY
AND DARRY BEING CHOSEN?
WAS THAT YOUR DOING, FATHER?
>> YES, BECAUSE THEY ARE
ORPHANS.
WITH NO FAMILY, THERE ARE FEW
LEFT BEHIND WHO WOULD GRIEVE
FOR THEM.
>> Rossiu: YOU MUST BE JOKING!
IF THAT’S TRUE, WELL, THEN
WHAT ABOUT MY MOTHER?!
>> WHATEVER REGRETS I ONCE HAD,
I MADE MY PEACE WITH THEM
LONG AGO.
[interested chatter]
>> HERE, TAKE THESE TOO.
>> BUT WE CAN’T EAT THIS MUCH!
>> YOU’RE NOT SUPPOSED TO EAT IT
ALL AT ONCE, CHILD.
EAT A LITTLE AT A TIME AND
MAKE IT LAST.
>> together: OKAY!
>> ROSSIU, YOU MEAN TO DO THIS?
>> Rossiu: I DO.
I WILL ACCOMPANY THOSE CHILDREN
ON THEIR JOURNEY.
ONCE WE RECLAIM THE SURFACE
AS A HOME FOR HUMANITY,
THERE WILL NO LONGER BE ANY
NEED TO ALLOW OURSELVES TO BE
BOUND BY SUCH PAINFUL LAWS.
BESIDES, WON’T IT BE EASIER
FOR YOU?
NOBODY ELSE IN THE VILLAGE
WILL KNOW THE TRUTH.
NO ONE BUT YOU, SO YOUR
SECRET’LL BE SAFE.
>> I UNDERSTAND.
IN THAT CASE, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO TAKE THE HOLY SCRIPTURES
WITH YOU ON YOUR JOURNEY?
>> Rossiu: THANK YOU, BUT I‐I NO
LONGER BELIEVE.
BESIDES, I THOUGHT YOU KNEW
A CERTAIN SOMETHING ABOUT ME.
I CAN’T EXACTLY READ,
FATHER MAGIN.
>> OH, IS THAT A FACT, MY BOY?
WELL, YOU NEEDN’T WORRY MUCH
ABOUT THAT.
I CAN’T EXACTLY READ, EITHER!
[gasps]
WELL, THEN THIS BOOK MAY BE NO
MORE THAN DEAD WEIGHT TO YOU
NOW.
EVEN SO, I WOULD LIKE YOU
TO TAKE IT WITH YOU ON YOUR
JOURNEY.
PLEASE ACCEPT IT.
>> Rossiu: YES, FATHER.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: IF IT’S INVISIBLE,
YOU WANT TO SEE IT!
IF YOU’RE TOLD NOT TO LOOK,
YOU CAN’T RESIST PEEKING!
IF IT’S HIDDEN, YOU WANNA
FIND IT!
THAT’S WHAT A MAN’S ADVENTURE
IS ALL ABOUT!
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN,
THERE ARE SOME THINGS
I JUST HAVE TO SEE!